---
layout: post
title:  "Test App"
date:   2015-06-1 01:39:50
categories: jekyll portfolio
description: "A single page application made with the MEAN stack"
status: draft

images:

  - url: /assets/images/project_thumbnails/testApp_code.png
    alt: Some code from test app
    title: Test App made with MongoDB, AngularJS, ExpressJS, NodeJS

---


Type: I worked on this project individually during the CRIA course.

#### Description

I was tasked with creating a Single Page Application with the MEAN stack with the purpose of testing RESTful API's. I used the [mean.js](https://github.com/meanjs/mean) framework to kickstart my project because I the vertical structure is very intuitive. There are still plenty of things missing and I intend to remedy them when I have the time to do so.

The app is based on the popular Chrome extension Postman, with the major difference being scenarios. 

A request is a HTTP 'GET' or 'POST' request to a URL with optional parameters. What you get back is the Status Code, headers, and the response. 

A test is an assertion coupled with a request. Say for instance you want to check if the URL returns the 'OK' Status Code the assertion will be 'statusCode===200'.

A scenario is a list of tests that have to be run consecutively, optionally with the output of the first test being the input for the next request and so on. 

#### How

The core of the application is making requests and handling the response. For the purpose I used the [q](https://github.com/kriskowal/q) promise library and [request](https://github.com/request/request). There are still some remnants in the code from when I tried to do requests with plain JS, but I found the request library to be much smoother to work with. 

#### Code/demo

