---
layout: dynamic_post
title:  "S01 - E01 - Blastoff"
date:   2020-04-26 00:00:00
categories: blog
description: "Do you ever get that feeling that you just want to start a blog?"
status: draft
images:
---

# To-do

Do you ever get that feeling that you just want to start a blog? I'm going to kick off season 01 by just starting this. It will probably not be a very good read, but I just need to start somewhere. I'll put whatever I'm thinking or doing into these posts and hopefully I'll get further than 2 posts in a year. There is no deadline and I promise not to be overly critical of what I'll post.

I'd like to challenge myself, while no one is reading this, to start a blog and just build stuff. How odd it may sound I think it will motivate me. Of course I have my day-job but honestly I've been trying to program stuff for me but it's not easy. It normally works like this: get a cool idea, think of cool new things to build and/or new use cases, forget about it.

I would like to start off easy, build something barebones that just works and is deployable. Therefore the requirements are that it should be installable with one or two actions. A git clone and run. Or a docker image that needs a bit of config.

A good place to start would be a todo app. I mean that is pretty applicable to the situation right?


So let's do it.

# Currently

I'm currently editing this post in Atom and using the terminal to commit which then updates my github-pages. Honestly I'd like to have a WYSIWYG editor for github-pages. Maybe it already exists, or maybe that's a project for the future.

For fun, I'd like to start off with a JS todo app.




# To-do app

I copied over my starters/interactivejquery to make it a bit easier. I recommend anyone who likes to prototype stuff to either have their own starters suited to their needs or use scaffolding.

The first thing I'll search for is how to store objects in local storage. We're going for a minimal but usable implementation. The trick to storing objects in local storage seems to be JSON.stringify: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2010892/storing-objects-in-html5-localstorage

We will need two methods to get and set our dataset:

- localStorage.setItem('db', JSON.stringify(db));

- JSON.parse(localStorage.getItem('db'));

We will need to define the objects inside and write a class to deal with CRUD operations.
